This is CSC384 2022W Assignment.
Thanks to my friend Ellie for all her efforts of trying to calm me down when the
course filled me with bull shit.

Overview:
1. The coding style may look weird:
  a. Thanks for LLVM, I'm using capital name for all variables
  b. Thanks to the useless teaching team who teaches you how to optimize python
     programs, I'm trying to manually do some compiler level optimizations.
     Don't do it :) No one will ask you to optimize python in the real world :)
2. Don't copy my code :)
3. As the author of APS105 Reversi TA_Exellent solution (which is one of the
   most powerful solutions over past ten years across thoudsands of solutions), 
   I'm pretty confident to say that I know how to implement and optimize an 
   Alpha-beta based board game AI. And as a matter of fact, I lost marks on the
   second lab, which is a perfect evidence of how this course looks like a joke.
   Well, you can say I'm bad, but I guess I'm better than the marking TAs who
   marked hundreds of papers but didn't even notice their hand-derived game 
   tree solution was absolutely wrong LOL
   
Lab1:
All test cases passed. Read the code for details. The test folder contains all
the test cases.

Lab2:
One test case failed. This is because my heuristic is not strong enough to get
the expect move. However, I suggest don't spend too much time working on this
toy heuristic. It's a math problem which also requires experience on playing
checkers. This is beyond the course and you will not learn any transferrable
knowledge from doing it.
In addition, iterative deepening helps you make use of all the given searching
time.

Lab3:
All test cases passed.
CSP. It's a ship-based model. Don't use cell-based model as it takes forever.
My implementation is not even optimized and I used zero heuristic to accelerate
the searching speed, but it's already fast enough. Don't spend more time on it,
you don't need to use any advanced optimization such as GAC. Again, not worth.
It's not transferrable.

Lab4:
92% over all test cases.
I'm pretty sure I was not told I need to deal with stats techniques before I got
enrolled in this course. This is probably the easiest lab. Since I've got enough
marks from previous labs, I didn't even think about how to partition sentences
but only used ".", "!" and "?". The accuracy can be improved by implementing a
more reasonable sentence partition mechanism.

If you are taking this course: good luck! Because you will not have fun :(
If you haven't taken this course yet: don't take this course. There are a lot of
better courses you can take, with some more realistic course assignments.
